User Manual


This skech demonstrates a way to report the current status of the receiver via Morse Code. 
However, the prototype used by this sketch is not intended for blind people. 
It is just an idea to inspire people to build receivers with accessibility features. 

Commands

1. BAND SELECTION

   Select the band by pressing the encoder push button once and then rotate the encoder clockwise or counterclockwise.
   When the desired band is shown on display, you  can press the button once again or wait for about 2 seconds. 
   You will notice the control will go back to the VFO.

2. STEP, MODE, AGC/Attenuation, bandwidth, Soft Mute and VOLUME

     2.1. Press the encoder push button twice (within 1/2 second).
     2.2. After that, the display will show you the Menu text. Rotate the encoder clockwise or counterclockwise 
          to select the option (STEP, MODE, AGC/Attenuation, bandwidth, VOLUME, etc). 
     2.3. After that, select the option you want to setup by pressing the encoder push button once again. 
     2.4. After that, rotate the encoder clockwise or counterclockwise to select the parameter.
     2.5. Finally, you can press the button once again or wait for about 2 seconds. 
          The control will go back to the VFO.  

3. VFO/BFO Switch 

    3.1. Press the encoder push button twice (within 1/2 second).
    3.2. Rotate the encoder clockwise or counterclockwise and go to the BFO option. This option is shown only on SSB mode. 
    3.3. Press the encoder push button once again. 
    3.4. Rotate the encoder clockwise or counterclockwise to increment or decrement the BFO (select the offset).
    3.5. If you press the button again or stop rotating the ancoder for about 2 seconds, the control will go back to the VFO. 

4. SEEK 

   4.1. Select the menu by pressing twice the encoder push button. The seek direction is based on the last encoder 
        movement. If clockwise, the seek will go up; if counterclockwise, the seek will go down.  


ATTENTION: Try press and release the push button fastly. I mean, do not keep the button pressed for a long time. 
           If you do that, you might alternate the command status (enable and disable) randomly. 
           After about 2 seconds, the current command or action is disabled automatically and the interface goes back
           to VFO control. 

TIPS:

     Try to refine the time to disable a current command or action by changing the constant ELAPSED_COMMAND 
     (#define ELAPSED_COMMAND 2000). The value 2000 means 2 seconds. Increase or decrease the value to get 
     a better interface for you;
     Try to refine the constant ELAPSED_CLICK (#define ELAPSED_CLICK 1500). This constant controls the time 
     for double click on encoder push button. Smaller values demand more agility in the double click;
     
