User Manual

This sketch was build to work with the project "DIY Si4730 All Band Radio (LW, MW, SW, FM)" receiver from Mirko Pavleski.
The original project can be found on https://create.arduino.cc/projecthub/mircemk/diy-si4730-all-band-radio-lw-mw-sw-fm-1894d9
Please, follow the circuit available on that link.

If you are using a SI4735-D60 or SI4732-A10, you can also use this sketch to add the SSB functionalities to the
original Pavleski's project. If you are using another SI4730-D60, the SSB wil not work. But you will still have
the SW functionalities.


Commands:

1. BAND SELECTION

   Select the band by pressing the encoder push button once and then rotate the encoder clockwise or counterclockwise;


2. STEP, MODE, AGC/Attenuation, bandwitdth and VOLUME

     2.1. Press the encoder push button twice (within 1/2 second).
     2.2. After that, the display shows you the <Select> text. Rotate the encoder clockwise or counterclockwise 
          to select the option (STEP, MODE, AGC/Attenuation, bandwitdth, VOLUME, etc). 
     2.3. After that, select the option you want to setup by pressing the encoder push button again. 
     2.4. Finally, rotate the encoder clockwise or counterclockwise to select the parameter.

3. VFO/BFO Switch 
    3.1. Press the encoder push button twice (within 1/2 second).
    3.2. Rotate the encoder clockwise or counterclockwise and got to the BFO option. This option is shown only on SSB mode. 
    3.3. Press the encoder push button again. 
    3.4. Finally, rotate the encoder clockwise or counterclockwise increment or decrement the BFO.
    3.5. If you stop rotate the ancoder for about 3 seconds, the control goes back to the VFO.  


ATTENTION: Try press and release the push button fastly. I mean, do not keep the button pressed for a long time. 
           If you do that, you might alternate the command status (enable and disable) randomly. 
           After 3 seconds, the current command or action is disabled automatically and the interface goes back
           to VFO control.

